feat: New validation hook to check if scale target is already managed (#4001)
kedacore/keda: CHANGELOG.md

Here is an overview of all **stable** additions:

- **General**: Introduce new ArangoDB Scaler ([#4000](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/4000))

> - **General**: Validate incoming ScaledObjects to ensure the workload isn't already autoscaled ([#3755](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/3755))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **General**: Introduce admission controller to automatically validate resource changes to prevent misconfiguration and enforce best practices. ([#3755](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/3755))
  - For example, prevent multiple ScaledObjects/HPAs to scale the same scale target
```

> - **General**: Introduce admission webhooks to automatically validate resource changes to prevent misconfiguration and enforce best practices. ([#3755](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/3755))

Reviewer 2: nit, please sort alphabetically

Author: sure!
